and it was okay
look I'll tell you something for you
technician life is suffered because in addition to
you meet family and your friends 27
You have to deal with this type of
product here falls on your death nox
where philco pc a 640 was indication of
a friend who passes on the problem of another
person
the boy's girlfriend pushed a cd that
between the mechanism and the screen and his luck
that only if the belly here in this flat
I did not rip here, I put it back in place.
the attack appeared
there came what happens now been put
in a car and saw that there was no audio
I'll tell you a product from china.
serious problem if you take it directly or
handset screen and had their screen
here comes the audio and even function will take
that is just a contact here on this cable
here on board to make it formalize what
if I put amplifier on this board
to spend the day here is the only thing
passing here is video has nothing but
on this screen here
every team just had a bath and it was like that
will have to understand the heads of the guys
for who wants a nail and never anything
I understood video toute and circuit of CDs and
a source mother of cds I 'll do
food and a grenade
A bit later I 'll try to do
a video sees if it really is bad contact
make a video of him working earn a
hug